# Introduction to Programming

## Assignment: Task 2

### The Problem

A camera has been installed at one end of Poppleton High Street to monitor the speed of approaching vehicles. The
speed limit at this point is complex. For cars it is 60mph, for vans it is 50mph, and for heavy goods vehicles (which
includes buses) it is 
40mph. The camera incorporates cutting-edge technology that identifies the type of vehicle approaching as well as
recording its speed.

A program is required that will process the data stream generated by this camera and produce some useful
statistics.

### The Task

The data stream of the camera works as follows. It provides one line for each vehicle. The first character indicates
the type of vehicle ("C" for Car, "V" for Van, "H" for Heavy, and "B" for Bus). This is followed by the observed speed,
in miles per hour (as a whole number). The data stream ends with the string "OFF" to indicate that the camera is
shutting down.

A program is required that processes the stream and, once the camera has been turned off, displays:
* The total number of vehicles that have passed.
* The percentage that were cars, vans, heavy goods, and buses.
* The overall average speed of all the passing vehicles.
* The percentage of all vehicles that were travelling over the speed limit for that class of vehicle.

The data should be provided in a file, the name of which is supplied as a command-line argument. The file has been 
taken directly from the camera, so you can assume it is in the correct format. You are provided with a sample file 
saved by the camera. You can obviously (and easily) devise your own for testing purposes.

_Your solution should be written using only standard Python. You may obviously use standard library modules._

### Examples

The following illustrate what should happen when the program executes in a variety of situations. 

Here is a small extract from a data stream.
```text
51B
53C
74C
41C
13B
14H
49C
46V
54C
50B
OFF
```

The program should take the name of the file on the command-line, and the display the results. In this case 
they should be something like:

```text
$ python3 speed_camera.py camera_data.txt

Speed Camera Data Analytics
===========================

Camera Summary
==============

Total Vehicles:       10

Percentage Cars:   50.00
Percentage Vans:   10.00
Percentage Buses:  30.00
Percentage HGVs:   10.00

Average Speed:     44.50
Speeder Percent:   30.00
```

Obviously the program needs to exit gracefully if the input file (as provided on the command line) is not found:

```text
$ python3 speed_camera.py camera_data_missing.txt                                                                                   
speed_camera.py: Cannot open "camera_data_missing.txt"
```

and also if the command-line argument is missing completely:

```text
$ python3 speed_camera.py                                       
speed_camera.py: no file name given for processing
```
